API: change default behavior in `Table.pformat` and `Column.pformat` and add (pending) deprecation to `Table.pformat_all` (#17184)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/17184.api.rst

> ``Table.pformat``'s default behavior was changed to include all rows and
> columns, instead of truncating outputs to fit the current terminal.
> ``Table.pformat_all`` now being redundant, it is pending deprecation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior of ``Table.pformat`` was changed to include all rows and columns
instead of truncating the outputs to fit the current terminal.  The new default
keyword arguments ``max_width=-1`` and ``max_lines=-1`` now match those in
``Table.pformat_all``. Since the ``Table.pformat_all`` method is now redundant, it is
pending deprecation. Similarly, the default behavior of ``Column.pformat`` was changed
to include all rows instead of truncating the outputs to fit the current terminal.
```
